then a muscular scale like his
name indicated it is a break of the
muscle here in an accident then
of an accident that is rather the fact
with a violent gesture 1 for example one can
to make a tear of the quadriceps on
muscle of the thigh when one makes a
shoot a very violent shoot this is a
lesions of the footballer one can get
to make a tear of the muscles ischio
leg muscles it's the muscles are behind
thigh
it is rather a pathology of the sprinter
during a very fast race and well at
moment of muscle should be left
is pulled he does not let himself be stretched and
breakage can occur
it is a rupture of the muscular fibers
we can not miss it because the
pain is violent when she
happens so that's the symptom is
essential
and then the one of a second is that just
after this very important pain the
movement is no longer possible so if
it's a tear for example of a
muscle of a lower limb and well the
no one is going to have to mud been see
to lean on someone's shoulder
so the two major signs are a
very strong initial pain and then this
what is called impotence
functional ie a
inability to achieve the movements that
would be generated by this injured muscle
first there are things not to do
and one thing to do is mass and
this important pain so who is the
consequence of the tear why not
not to amass because a tear is
like a sore so if you handle
you can spread the banks of the
sore and then the second reason it's
that when you have a tear often
this bleeds a hematoma can be
build up and massaged a hematoma is not
not without risks it can lead
So sometimes calcifications
consultation consultation of a doctor
of your GP or a doctor
sports doctor
this doctor will make the diagnosis in
looking at you eventually but that's
not necessarily an obligation he you
will propose additional examinations
to better specify the location and
the extent of the injury
these additional exams are the most
often an ultrasound see a irm the
word tear is a word that means in
a significant injury
the word breakdown
which also corresponds to breaks
of
of muscle fibers corresponds to
less important lesions so everything
depends on the importance of the lesions a
Muscle injury can heal
between one week and two months
that's most of the time let's count
rather between three and six weeks and
what you need to know is that there is
four moments if we want to be very
pointed in the treatment of this
muscle injury there is a prime
treatment which is the treatment
immediate
it's the first day to see the second
or the third the frosting to avoid
bleeding too much the rest
the elevation of the leg for also
drained a hematoma that would have
consisting
and then possibly a contention
so surrounded the muscle of a band
elastic for example here too for
avoid bleeding that's it
the Greek acronym grc icing rest
contention elevation which are the
first phase of this treatment
then a second phase after
a few days could constitute in
a mobilization of this very soft muscle
even relaxation without movement
simply because the
muscle mobilization at the beginning of his
healing will allow the best
modeling of this scar is so
will accompany healing
a third phase that will succeed the
second so there too according to the
gravity this third phase will arrive
after 15 days or three weeks and
it will be good to start again
remuscler get muscle and then the muscles
from a periphery who did not work
who will have to re-prepare and
to the efforts you are going to ask him
and then the fourth phase is fine
it's starting to do the gesture again
sporty who is your pleasure
this is called the
reathlisation ended up being the
muscular ability of the skill of
this muscle in a sportsman's request
zero risk does not exist so and all
the best prepared champions have
also been or are not enough have not
often but in any case are victims
muscle damage
we say that the best way to avoid the
muscle injury is to have a
good physical condition
the muscular addition is going rather
appear during fatigue so
when one has gone beyond one's
capacity
muscle injury may appear
also if we have a bad balance between
our muscles
each muscle does not work in isolation
if you take for example the muscle of
the thigh at the quadriceps which is a
muscle that extends the legs that allows
the race is this muscle of
controlled by the opposing muscle that is
behind called the ischio
legs and who control the action of the
first you have to have a good balance
of balance of power between his muscles
that we say agonist and antagonists
good physical condition a good
muscular ability to a good balance
muscle is the best weapon of
this prevention
and then the technical gesture as well
sure plays a role when we play sports
a technical defect is always
risk